Liberica End User License Agreement

THIS EULA IS A BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND BELLSOFT FOR THE USE OF
LIBERICA JDK (SOFTWARE). BY USING THE SOFTWARE YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE
READ THE TERMS OF THIS EULA AND AGREE TO THEM. IF YOU ARE AGREEING TO THESE
TERMS ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU
HAVE THE LEGAL AUTHORITY TO BIND THE LEGAL ENTITY TO THESE TERMS.

  1. Liberica JDK is copyrighted software based on OpenJDK and is 100% Open
Source Software. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary stated in this
EULA, installation or use of Open Source Software shall be subject to the
following license terms in its applicable version and the Terms and
Conditions of Open Source Software License and Third Party Licenses which
prevail over this EULA: https://openjdk.java.net/legal/gplv2+ce.html
https://bell-sw.com/liberica_third_party_licenses.html

  2. BELLSOFT reserves the right to modify this EULA at any time and without
prior notice by publishing the most current version of the EULA on the
following website: https://bell-sw.com/liberica_eula.html.

  3. BELLSOFT does not offer support or maintenance for the SOFTWARE under
this EULA (unless you have entered into a separate written agreement for such
support, in which case such separate agreement shall apply).

  4. You agree to indemnify and hold BELLSOFT harmless, from and against any
and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses or expenses, including
reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, due to or arising out of Your use of
SOFTWARE, your violation of the terms of this EULA or any applicable Open
Source License or Your violation or infringement of any third party rights.

  5. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED AS IS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED: BELLSOFT HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH
RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY,
OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF ACCURACY, OF
QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. BELLSOFT DOES
NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN, THE SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR
REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR
ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ORAL OR
WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY BELLSOFT OR ITS AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY. SHOULD THE SOFTWARE PROVE DEFECTIVE,
YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

  6. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL BELLSOFT BE
LIABLE FOR PERSONAL INJURY, OR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR
LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR ANY OTHER COMMERCIAL
DAMAGES OR LOSSES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE
THE SOFTWARE, HOWEVER CAUSED, REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY
(CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) AND EVEN IF BELLSOFT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. In no event shall BELLSOFT’s total liability to
You for all damages (other than as may be required by applicable law in cases
involving personal injury) exceed the amount of fifty dollars ($50.00). The
foregoing limitations will apply even if the above stated remedy fails of its
essential purpose.

  7. The Agreement will be governed and interpreted in accordance with
California legislation. Expressly waiving their own places of venue or
competence, the parties agree that all disagreements, disputes, arguments or
claims related to the Agreement, will be settled before the Courts and
Tribunals of the city of San Francisco.

  8. The failure of BELLSOFT to exercise or enforce any rights or provisions
of this EULA will not constitute a waiver of such rights or provisions.

  9. Should one or more provisions of this EULA be or become invalid or
unenforceable, this shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the
remaining provisions of this EULA. The same shall apply if the EULA does not
contain an essential provision. In lieu of the invalid or unenforceable
provision, or to fill a contractual lacuna, such valid and enforceable
provision shall apply which reflects as closely as possible the commercial
intention of the Parties as regards the invalid, unenforceable or missing
provision.
